Add GASETH_JUN21 as a supported price identifier (#169)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-48.txt

> # Headers

Reviewer: You are trying to merge a .txt file as well as a markdown file. You should delete this entire .txt file

**4. Intended Collateral Currency** 

- Does the value of this collateral currency match the standalone value of the listed quote currency? 

- Is your collateral currency already approved to be used by UMA financial contracts? If no, submit a UMIP to have the desired collateral currency approved for use. 

**5. Collateral Decimals** 

**6. Rounding** 

- **Note** - this should always be less than or equal to the `Intended Collateral Currency` field.

<br>

# RATIONALE
Please reference the Rationale section in [umip-22](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/master/UMIPs/umip-22.md) for a full walkthrough of the rationale behind calculating aggregatory gas prices.

- Why this implementation of the identifier as opposed to other implementation designs?

- What is the reasoning for min + max bounds on the px identifier?

- What analysis can you provide on where to get the most robust prices? (Robust as in legitimate liquidity, legitimate volume, price discrepancies between exchanges, and trading volume between exchanges)

- What is the potential for the price to be manipulated on the chosen exchanges?

- Should the prices have any processing (e.g., TWAP)? 

<br>

> # IMPLEMENTATION

Reviewer: Can you specify the timestamps here, similar to how it was done in [umip-25](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/master/UMIPs/umip-25.md#implementation)?

Technical specifications are the same as in [umip-22](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/master/UMIPs/umip-22.md) except: 
- Identifier name: GASETH_JUN21

> 1. **What prices should be queried for and from which markets?**

Reviewer: You can remove all of these unused questions

# Headers
| UMIP-48     |                                                                                                                                          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | UMIP Title | Add GASETH-JUN21 as supported DVM price identifiers                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Can you change the name to GASETH_JUN21? Trying to implement a new price identifier naming format

> | UMIP Title | Add GASETH-JUN21 as supported DVM price identifiers                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UMIP Title | Add GASETH_JUN21 as a supported price identifier                                                                                             |
```

| Authors    | nonstopTheo 

> | Status     | Pending                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Status     | Draft                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | Created    | February 10th, 2021                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Can you create a forum post in the UMA discourse, and link it in this section? https://discourse.umaproject.org/c/umips/18
